Initial release (#1)
projectsyn/component-cert-exporter: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/references/parameters.adoc

The parent key for all of the following parameters is `cert_exporter`.

== `ignore_alerts`

[horizontal]
type:: list
default::
+
[source,yaml]
----
----

This parameter can be used to disable alerts provided by cert-exporter.
The component supports removing entries in this parameter by providing the entry prefixed with `~`.

== `include_namespaces`

[horizontal]
type:: list
default::
+
[source,yaml]
----
----

Restrict the list of namespaces the TLS Secrets exporter should scan for certificates to watch (all namespaces if empty).

== `exclude_namespaces`

[horizontal]
type:: list
default::
+
[source,yaml]
----
- openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager
----

Exclude namespaces from being scanned by the TLS Secrets exporter (evaluated after `include_namespaces`).

== `include_labels`

[horizontal]
type:: list
default::
+
[source,yaml]
----
----

> Only watch TLS Secrets having these labels (all secrets if empty). Items can be keys such as `my-label` or also require a value with syntax `my-label=my-value`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only watch TLS Secrets having those labels (all secrets if empty).
Items can be keys such as `my-label` or also require a value with the syntax `my-label=my-value`.
```

== `exclude_labels`

[horizontal]
type:: list
default::
+
[source,yaml]
----
----

> Exclude TLS Secrets having these labels. Items can be keys such as `my-label` or also require a value with syntax `my-label=my-value`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Exclude TLS Secrets having those labels.
Items can be keys such as `my-label` or also require a value with the syntax `my-label=my-value`.
```
